h1. Ninject Extensions by Talljoe

This project contains various extensions for "Ninject":http://ninject.org/ written in F#.  These are extensions I have built to aid "my own development":http://tallambitions.com/ and may or may not be useful to you.

See the "wiki":http://wiki.github.com/Talljoe/ninject-extensions/ for details.

h2. Extensions:
* FakeMakerBindingResolver - generates types to fulfill the requests for very simple interfaces.
* SyntaxExtensions - Additions to the binding syntax to add additional features.

h3. Requirements

These extensions require .NET 4.0 (Concurrent Data Structures), F# (implementation language) and Ninject 2.0.1 (@IBindingResolver@).

h3. License

bc.. Copyright (c) 2010 Joseph Wasson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
